<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="data_dcouments_files">
    <title>Data, Documents &amp; Files</title>
    <shortdesc>Working within Files and Folder</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>Box Secure Storage: Work with files and folders</b></p>
        <p>Box Secure Storage is a cloud-based storage and collaboration solution tailored to align
            with the University's stringent security standards, particularly those governing HIPAA
            data. To comply with UMN security requirements, specific features of Box have been
            either deactivated or fine-tuned to meet the stringent compliance criteria. This
            versatile platform can securely accommodate a wide range of sensitive data, such as PHI,
            SSN, and driver's license information, among others. However, please be aware that the
            Box Secure Storage service is not suitable for PCI data, particularly data associated
            with credit cardholders. </p>
        <p><b>Get Started with Box</b></p>
        <p>To create a Box account and enable Duo Multi-Factor Authentication, follow these
            steps:</p>
        <ol id="ol_kgw_xtn_gzb">
            <li>
                <p>Visit the Box account creation page on the UMN website.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Follow the account setup instructions, providing the necessary information.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>During the setup process, you will be prompted to enable Duo Multi-Factor
                    Authentication. This added security layer is mandatory for accessing UMN Box
                    Secure Storage.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Follow the prompts to configure and link your Duo account to your Box
                    account.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Once activated, you'll be required to use Duo Multi-Factor Authentication in
                    addition to your password for enhanced security during login.</p>
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>By following these steps, you'll have a Box account with Duo Multi-Factor Authentication,
            ensuring an extra level of protection for your UMN Box Secure Storage access.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
