<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="jadu_xfp_onlineforms_step_by_step">
    <title>Jadu XFP Online Forms Step by Step</title>
    <shortdesc>Creating Online Forms </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This self-help guide takes you through the process of creating a form, setting up
            the page elements (such as text fields, drop downs check boxes) and the corresponding
            properties, and managing the submitted forms. Jadu XFP is also known as Jadu XForms
            Professional and Jadu XForms Pro.<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Accessing Jadu XFP: Log in to your Jadu XFP account or access the XFP platform
                    through your organization's designated portal.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Creating a New Form: Once logged in, find the option to create a new form. This
                    is typically located in the dashboard or similar menu.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Form Configuration: Configure your form's settings. This includes specifying a
                    form title, description, and any additional information you want to provide to
                    form users.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Adding Form Fields: Choose the type of fields you want to include in your form
                    (text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, dropdowns, etc) Add thes fields to your
                    form, and configure their labels, options, and validation settings as needed.
                </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
