<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="unify_tableau_connector">
    <title>Unify Tableau Connector </title>
    <body>
        <p>The Unify Tableau Connector, also known as Unify BI, is a web data connector designed to
            empower Tableau users by enabling them to craft queries to UM Analytics subject areas
            and retrieve data for the purpose of crafting reports and visualizations in Tableau. In
            order to utilize the Unify Tableau Connector, it's imperative to possess Authoring
            access to one or more UM Analytics subject areas. It's important to note that Unify BI
            operates in accordance with an individual's UM Analytics security permissions;
            functional or departmental accounts are not suitable for Unify BI data extractions.</p>
        <p><b>Unify Tableau Connector: About</b></p>
        <p>Unify BI is a valuable plugin designed to facilitate Tableau users' access to UM
            Analytics as a robust data source. This plugin enables seamless export of UM Analytics
            queries into Tableau for in-depth reporting and analysis. Unify BI boasts several
            noteworthy features, including:</p>
        <ol id="ol_kfr_rgv_gzb">
            <li>
                <p><b>Reporting on Governed Data Sources</b>: With Unify BI, Tableau users can
                    effortlessly create reports within Tableau using UM Analytics data sources,
                    ensuring compliance with governance and data management standards.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p><b>Utilizing Existing UM Analytics Reports</b>: Unify BI permits the
                    incorporation of pre-existing UM Analytics reports directly into Tableau,
                    streamlining the reporting process and leveraging the data that's already
                    available.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p><b>Performing Joins in Tableau</b>: Tableau users can harness Unify BI to perform
                    data joins between two UM Analytics data sources, enhancing their ability to
                    analyze and visualize data relationships effectively.</p>
            </li>
        </ol>
        <p>Unify BI serves as a bridge between UM Analytics and Tableau, empowering users to harness
            the full potential of their data for insightful reporting and visualizations</p>
    </body>
</topic>
